[Music]
hello I usually drink coffee while
reading the newspaper in the morning
[Music]
is it hard to work out every single day
yeah of course but it's so worth it I
[Music]
turn on some music to start off my day
this really helps me to start off my day
number one as soon as I wake up I start
stretching in my bed while I'm lying
down so of course I stretching all my
wrist of my ankle you know my legs and
my arms but also I stretch my face I
linked my eyes a few times and I also
lift my eyebrows put it down lift my
eyebrows and put it down I also open my
mouth ah and close my mouth open my
mouth and close my mouth I repeat these
steps a couple of times since I'm such a
lot morning person I'm so not a morning
person so these stretches really helped
me to wake up and get my ass up and also
it's really great for blood circulation
so it's really great for my skin too as
soon as I get off my bed I drink a cup
of warm water drinking a cup of warm
water when your stomach is empty is
really really really healthy so when we
are sleeping at nighttime our body gets
really really dehydrated because all the
moisture goes out so when you wake up we
are very very dehydrated you guys all
know that it's suggested to drink two
liters of water every single day right
so for me I drink a cup of water as soon
as I get off my bed to start off my day
it's the best to drink water but for
those of you who have to drink a cup of
coffee it's better to switch to tea
number three I always eat seasonal
fruits you know um since I'm not a
morning person
it's really hard for me to eat anything
in the morning so that's why I make sure
that I eat fruits and I just put it in
the mixer and grind it up and then I
drink it so it's easier for me to eat
something there are so many people that
are really really busy in the morning or
that they don't feel hungry in the
morning so that's why they just skip
breakfast but you guys know that if we
skip breakfast at lunchtime work really
starving so usually we just grub and we
eat more than we usually eat or we will
eat so much if this continues then of
course we're gonna gain weight so I want
to recommend fruits in the morning on
seasonal fruits are better in the
morning then you know it's easier to eat
something than you know having a huge
breakfast I personally want to recommend
apples in the morning you know in Korea
apples in the morning are called golden
apples because apples are wonderful for
constipation so that's one of the things
that I eat in the morning but you guys
it's up to you to choose you know which
fruits or you know any even vegetables
that you want to eat in the morning for
during the summer time my face becomes
oily in the morning so I use Claire's
facial soap for my t-zone only and the
other parts of the face I just rinse
with water when we go to sleep a
protective layer of skin forms so that
when we wake up in the morning because
of the layer my our skin might look a
little bit oily in my look a little bit
just very very shiny many people think
that their face is really oily so they
wash in the morning with cleansing foam
but if you wash with cleansing foam in
the morning it can make your skin even
more dry and they can actually that can
cause you to break out more number five
after cleansing I don't use a towel to
wipe my face I never use a towel for my
face I put my toner on a cotton puff and
wipe my face right away even with a
little bit of water on my face if you
wipe your face with a towel it's easy to
rub your face harshly and stimu
your skin this takes away moisture from
your skin faster so I put toner on a
cotton buff and wipe my wet face for
those of you who use towels then this
might feel really really funny in the
beginning because you really want to
wipe it off but you can't but if you try
this you know everyday just within a few
days you'll be able to feel that your
skin has become more moisturize and also
you will be able to feel that your skin
has become healthier number six
before skincare use mask packs
especially during the summertime even
after cleansing it's really hard to calm
our troubled skin there is an emergency
solution that I use often
first put Claire's mask or other mask
that you guys might have in the fridge
before you go to sleep then in the
morning use the mask before the step of
using toner if you are all out of masks
you can use your toner to calm your skin
use Claire's toner on cotton posts make
sure you put sufficient amount and put
it in the fridge for 20 to 30 minutes of
course it'll be better to do this before
you wash your face when it's ready put
it on your face and leave it off for 10
to 15 minutes and then take it off it
will cool the heat on your face and help
to calm your pimples it also helps to
close and tighten your pores number
seven especially during the summertime
if you put a lot of cream on then it's
easy that you know your lotion and
everything just crumbs and also you get
lotion or cream boogers
right can I call it cream boogers that's
what I call it so you guys know what it
is right cream boogers or you know it
crumbs my personal tip is you put less
cream on and you put on your toner not
just once but after you put it on once
you put it one more time or two more
times depending on your skin condition
when you put on your toner just once it
soaks in really fast then put it on one
or two more times then you'll be able to
feel that your skin has become really
moisturized if you try this you will be
able to feel that your skin has become
healthier those days when you feel like
your face is extremely dry then use
clear soothing
on your face and massage after you put
toner on cuts and pop and wipe it off
then put on your skincare steps again
then you'll be able to feel that your
skin has become really really
moisturized it's also very important to
take your vitamins every single day and
write off your cleansing if you can't
put on your toner right away then it's
really really handy and it's really easy
if you put on mist before you put on
your toner if you have any other beauty
habits that you want to share with us
please let us know because you know ku
needs needs to know and I'm very curious
also thank you guys so much and I will
see you guys next time
hi subscribe wishtrend TV or be square
subscribe wishtrend TV or please
subscribe please I'm doing this please
subscribe